# Python Project
Hello my name is Kamen Koshutanski. I usally program on C but I am trying to study Python. This project was written on Python.
## What is it about?
The project itself is simple. It's just a small minigame, written in the console, where you fight against different monsters.
## What is the project's goal?
It doesn't have one. It's just a minigame to play if you don't have anything else to do.
## How did i choose it?
Actually I don't know why but the project was given to us for around 2 months + a month to choose a theme but somehow I "slipped" through the net and in reallity I didn't had a theme for the project. And when around a month or two passed I guessed something was wrong so I was going to ask but we didn't have classes so I missed my chance. Then I decided to do my favourite thing - a game. There are two types of games that I like - simple or high-tech. Obviously I couldn't do high-tech so I stopped on simple. And because I like to write code on C I decided to do it in the console and not on a graphic menu
## What did I learn from writing it?
If I should describe what I learn with one word I will say "Python". Why? And why the quotes? The quotes are because you just can't learn Python, Python is not a language like. Python is like a tree. It's starting from the roots with the basics then you are learning different things and you are going through the stem. And then the tree starts to split into countless branches, which are the modules, and every branch has countless leaves on it, which are the function of the modules. So I said that I learned "Python" because to learn Python you need to know all it's modules. I learned "Python" or the basics, because before that many things happened, the quarantine, literally slapped us in the face, there were many other things to study about and I couldn't find time to write code neither on C nor Python. And we didn't particually writed code in class. So I didn't have much expirience and when you don't do something for a long time you either foreget it or became extremly "weak" on it. That was my condition and with this project you could say that I went through from the "roots" to the end of the stem.
